TIMES FOODRECIPESVEGETABLE MASALA MAGGI NOODLES
Vegetable Masala Maggi Noodles Recipe
by TNNUpdated : Apr 21, 2021, 13:05 IST
Avg. Rating
Rate
 Comments (13)
Facebook
Twitter
Pinit
Vegetable Masala Maggi Noodles
Total Time30mPrep Time10 mCalories185
Bookmark
Add To Collection
If you are looking for a spicy vegetable masala maggi recipe, we have the best one for you!



Everyone likes to experiment with Maggi and has their own favourite versions. Here is an easy vegetable maggi masala recipe that you will love. Ready in a jiffy, this street style veg masala maggi takes the usual maggi masala noodles to the next level. The best part about this vegetable masala maggi recipe is that you can add any combination of veggies that you like and amp up the health value of the dish. From onion to capsicum and even tomato, the veggies are nicely sautéed to give them a spicy and juicy taste. Since maggi is loved by people of all generations, you don’t need to think twice while serving it to people of different age groups. This innovative way of making maggi will definitely surprise them. This is a step-by-step method of making a mouth-watering noodles recipe and all you have to do is scroll through these simple steps to prepare the maggi. So, do not wait much and try this easy recipe at home, and enjoy with your loved ones!




Read more
Ingredients of Vegetable Masala Maggi Noodles

4 Servings
140 gm maggi noodles
1 teaspoon butter
1/4 cup peas
1 tomato
1 green chilli
1/4 teaspoon garam masala powder
12 gm maggi masala
1/4 teaspoon powdered black pepper
1/2 onion
1/2 teaspoon garlic paste
1/4 teaspoon powdered turmeric
1/2 capsicum (green pepper)
1/4 tablespoon red chilli powder
1/2 teaspoon chaat masala powder
salt as required
2 1/2 cup water


How to make Vegetable Masala Maggi Noodles
Step 1 Boil water & chop the veggies
To prepare this mouth-watering snack recipe, put a deep-bottomed pan over medium flame and add water in it and bring it to a boil. Meanwhile, take a chopping board and finely chop onion, capsicum, tomato and green chilli on it. Once the water begins to boil, add Maggi masala noodles and peas to it. Let it cook till the noodles and peas are soft and tender.

Step 2 Cook Maggi and saute veggies in a separate pan
Next, in another pan, add butter and let it melt. Then, add chopped onion and saute till it changes colour. Now, add garlic paste, chopped capsicum, tomato and green chilli to it and saute well for a couple of minutes, till the tomatoes are soft.

Step 3 Add spices
Next, in the sauteed vegetables, add red chilli powder, turmeric powder, garam masala powder, black pepper powder and saute for a minute. Now, add the boiled Maggi noodles and peas to this masala and mix well and cook for 1 more minute.

Step 4 Garnish and enjoy
Once done, transfer to a serving bowl and sprinkle a pinch of chaat masala over the noodles to make it even more flavorful. Serve it hot to enjoy! Make sure you try it, rate it and leave your valuable comments in the comment section below.

Tips
Feel free to add grated cheese to your maggi if you like.
If you do not prefer spicy maggi, you can also tone it down by using fresh cream.
You can add any combination of veggies that you like.
If you are a spice lover, you can add 1 tbsp of schezwan sauce to your cooked maggi.
